README.md, before:

<!-- Title -->

[![Create React Native App](/.gh-assets/header.png)](https://github.com/expo/create-react-native-app)

<!-- Header -->

<p align="center">
  <b>Create Universal React Native apps with no build configuration.</b>
  <br />

  <p align="center">
    <!-- iOS -->
    <img alt="Supports Expo iOS" longdesc="Supports Expo iOS" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/iOS-000.svg?style=flat-square&logo=APPLE&labelColor=999999&logoColor=fff" />
    <!-- Android -->
    <img alt="Supports Expo Android" longdesc="Supports Expo Android" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Android-000.svg?style=flat-square&logo=ANDROID&labelColor=A4C639&logoColor=fff" />
    <!-- Web -->
    <img alt="Supports Expo Web" longdesc="Supports Expo Web" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/web-000.svg?style=flat-square&logo=GOOGLE-CHROME&labelColor=4285F4&logoColor=fff" />
  </p>
</p>

<!-- Body -->

```sh
npx create-react-native-app
```

Once you're up and running with Create React Native App, visit [this tutorial](https://reactnative.dev/docs/tutorial.html) for more information on building apps with React Native.

## Features

- Native project ready to be built on to your device.
- Support for unimodules and auto-linking.
- OTA updates, and Gestures out of the box.
- Full support for React Native web.
- Plug-n-play custom templates.
- Works with the Expo Client app.

## Usage

- `npx create-react-native-app` Create a new React Native app.
- `yarn ios` -- (`react-native run-ios`) Build the iOS App (requires a MacOS computer).
- `yarn android` -- (`react-native run-android`) Build the Android App.
- `yarn web` -- (`expo start:web`) Run the website in your browser.

### Templates

By default you create a bare-workflow React project with support for iOS, Android, and web. You can opt to use an example project instead by selecting the "Templates from ..." option. Custom templates can be used with `--template <Github URL>` option.

- Use a custom template: `npx create-react-native-app --template https://github.com/someone/my-expo-starter` -- Only works with Github repos on the master branch.
- All examples can be modified in the [expo/examples](https://github.com/expo/examples) repo.

## Sections

- [Usage with Expo Client App](#usage-with-expo-client-app)
- [Support and Contact](#support-and-contact)
- [FAQs](#faqs)
- [Contributing](#contributing)

## Usage with Expo Client App

Expo Client enables you to work with all of the [Components and APIs](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/getting-started.html) in React Native, as well as the [JavaScript APIs](https://docs.expo.io/versions/latest/sdk/index.html) that the are bundled with the Expo App.

Expo Client supports running any project that doesn't have custom native modules added.

- Download the "Expo Client" app from the Play Store or App Store.
- Start your project with Expo
  - Install the CLI `npm i -g expo-cli`
  - Start the project `expo start`
- Open the project:
  - Sign in to expo and the project will appear in the app.
  - Or point your phone's camera at the QR code in the terminal (press "c" to view it).

## Support and Contact

If you're having issues with Create React Native App, please make sure:

- The issue is not covered in the [Expo Docs](https://docs.expo.io/versions/latest/)
- There is not already an [open issue](https://github.com/expo/expo-cli/issues) for your particular problem

If you've checked the documentation and currently open issues, please either [open a new GitHub issue](https://github.com/expo/create-react-native-app/issues/new) or ask a question on [Expo forums](https://forums.expo.io/c/help).

## Contributing

Please see [Contributing guide](https://github.com/expo/expo-cli/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) in the Expo CLI monorepo for instructions on contributing to Expo CLI.

<!-- Footer -->

---

<p>
    <a aria-label="Created by Team Expo" href="http://expo.io">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Created_by-Expo-4630EB.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=EXPO&labelColor=000&logoColor=fff" target="_blank" />
    </a>
    
</p>

Commit message:

Added info about examples feature

README.md, after:

<!-- Title -->

[![Create React Native App](/.gh-assets/header.png)](https://github.com/expo/create-react-native-app)

<!-- Header -->

<p align="center">
  <b>Create Universal React Native apps with no build configuration.</b>
  <br />

  <p align="center">
    <!-- iOS -->
    <img alt="Supports Expo iOS" longdesc="Supports Expo iOS" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/iOS-000.svg?style=flat-square&logo=APPLE&labelColor=999999&logoColor=fff" />
    <!-- Android -->
    <img alt="Supports Expo Android" longdesc="Supports Expo Android" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Android-000.svg?style=flat-square&logo=ANDROID&labelColor=A4C639&logoColor=fff" />
    <!-- Web -->
    <img alt="Supports Expo Web" longdesc="Supports Expo Web" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/web-000.svg?style=flat-square&logo=GOOGLE-CHROME&labelColor=4285F4&logoColor=fff" />
  </p>
</p>

<!-- Body -->

```sh
npx create-react-native-app
```

Once you're up and running with Create React Native App, visit [this tutorial](https://reactnative.dev/docs/tutorial.html) for more information on building apps with React Native.

## Features

- Native project ready to be built on to your device.
- Support for unimodules and auto-linking.
- OTA updates, and Gestures out of the box.
- Full support for React Native web.
- Plug-n-play custom templates.
- Works with the Expo Client app.

## Usage

- `npx create-react-native-app` Create a new React Native app.
- `yarn ios` -- (`react-native run-ios`) Build the iOS App (requires a MacOS computer).
- `yarn android` -- (`react-native run-android`) Build the Android App.
- `yarn web` -- (`expo start:web`) Run the website in your browser.

### Templates

By default you create a bare-workflow React project with support for iOS, Android, and web. You can opt to use an example project instead by selecting the "Templates from ..." option. Custom templates can be used with `--template <Github URL>` option.

- Use a custom template: `npx create-react-native-app --template https://github.com/someone/my-expo-starter` -- Only works with Github repos on the master branch.
- All examples can be modified in the [expo/examples](https://github.com/expo/examples) repo.

## Sections

- [Usage with Expo Client App](#usage-with-expo-client-app)
- [Support and Contact](#support-and-contact)
- [FAQs](#faqs)
- [Contributing](#contributing)

## Usage with Expo Client App

Expo Client enables you to work with all of the [Components and APIs](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/getting-started.html) in React Native, as well as the [JavaScript APIs](https://docs.expo.io/versions/latest/sdk/index.html) that the are bundled with the Expo App.

Expo Client supports running any project that doesn't have custom native modules added.

- Download the "Expo Client" app from the Play Store or App Store.
- Start your project with Expo
  - Install the CLI `npm i -g expo-cli`
  - Start the project `expo start`
- Open the project:
  - Sign in to expo and the project will appear in the app.
  - Or point your phone's camera at the QR code in the terminal (press "c" to view it).

## Support and Contact

If you're having issues with Create React Native App, please make sure:

- The issue is not covered in the [Expo Docs](https://docs.expo.io/versions/latest/)
- There is not already an [open issue](https://github.com/expo/expo-cli/issues) for your particular problem

If you've checked the documentation and currently open issues, please either [open a new GitHub issue](https://github.com/expo/create-react-native-app/issues/new) or ask a question on [Expo forums](https://forums.expo.io/c/help).

## Contributing

Please see [Contributing guide](https://github.com/expo/expo-cli/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) in the Expo CLI monorepo for instructions on contributing to Expo CLI.

### Attribution

The examples feature was inspired by the `templates` system of [create-next-app](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app) by the [Vercel](https://vercel.com/) team.

<!-- Footer -->

---

<p>
    <a aria-label="Created by Team Expo" href="http://expo.io">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Created_by-Expo-4630EB.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=EXPO&labelColor=000&logoColor=fff" target="_blank" />
    </a>
    
</p>
